fix: performance issue with parser (#378)
cognitedata/cognite-grafana-datasource: CHANGELOG.md

This article documents the ongoing improvements we're making to the **Cognite
Data Source for Grafana**.

## 4.1.3 - May 7th, 2024

### Bug fixes

> - Fixed performance issue with parser which occurs when adding a lot of timeseries by names. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed performance issue with parser which occurs when a fairly long custom time series query is used. 
```
